---
layout: item
format: photo
title: Narcissism
author: "On Display at Tulane"
Contributor: "Jeffery Fried"
group: 
creator: "Jeffery Fried"
externalurl: 
embedurl: 
creationdate: "2025"
type: "Acrylic on cardboard"
shortdesc: "Part of a series."
contributorquote: 
categories: [Acrylic, Cardboard, Figure]
tags: [  ]
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

My art thrives on rejection and questions what constitutes real art. I create from the outside of social boundaries. Beyond these ramparts is a place of sanctuary and growth, rooted in my self-taught methods, which are reflected in this series of paintings that critique status quo absurdities. This series embodies how materialism masks insecurity: Ford F150 exposes the patriarchal obsession with domination that acts as a stand-in for confidence; Narcissism eventually comes to light and the portrait’s black teeth reveal the symbiosis of cruelty and self-sabotage; finally, Acceptance honors individuality and urges that we love ourselves and each other for our uniqueness. Just as acceptance celebrates authenticity, I want my art to encourage others to explore their true creative selves without judgement or fear.

## About the Artist

Jeffery Fried (he/they) is a multidisciplinary artist from New Orleans. His work spans acrylics, watercolors, metal, and mixed media. Creating on unconventional surfaces such as fabric, paper, and cardboard, he creates paintings that blend figurative and conceptual approaches. His art explores themes of connection, resilience, and the shared human experience, inviting viewers into layered textures and dynamic forms. Jeff continues to expand his practice through projects that merge painting and sculpture. His work is held in private collections and reflects a commitment to experimentation and creative dialogue. 
