---
layout: item
format: photo
title: It all comes out in the wash
author: "On Display at Tulane"
contributor: "Electra Pelias"
group: 
creator: "Electra Pelias"
externalurl: 
embedurl: 
creationdate: "2025"
type: "Dollhouse, acrylic, expanding foam, tempera pastel sticks"
shortdesc: "It uses expanding foam and pastels to reject order."
contributorquote: 
categories: [Sculpture, Acrylic, Environment]
tags: [  ]
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

This sculpture is a dollhouse bursting from within. It uses expanding foam and pastels to reject order, control, and traditional materials. It embraces chaos and softness, challenging expectations of beauty and structure. The piece reflects the rejection of both artistic intent and conventional standards, making space for vulnerability and transformation in contemporary art.

## About the Artist

Art has always been a constant companion in my life, and it is through this creative lens that I process and confront the complexities of my experiences. My work often takes on a whimsical, childlike quality, with the work serving as surrogates for a lifetime of encounters. These seemingly playful pieces are more than just visual delights; they are deeply personal artifacts that reflect my ongoing dialogue with the world. As a child, I was labeled as overly emotional. I felt like I needed to shrink all my feelings down to become more digestible for others. Now, I allow these emotions to run free, as my work becomes storage for these emotions. The charm and innocence in my art act as a counterbalance to darker themes, capturing the boundless nature of childhood while also acknowledging the shadows that accompany it. 

My main medium is clay, however, I am additionally inspired by secondhand materials, both for sustainability reasons and sheer curiosity regarding the past lives these materials lived.  I additionally incorporate sewing into my practice, a skill passed down from my mother to me as a child. Much like I utilize charm and innocence in my art as a counterbalance to darker themes, ceramic and fiber art contrast physically, creating tension in material and content. 

By merging the whimsical with the profound, I seek to weaponize cuteness as a means of confronting and navigating complex emotions. In essence, my art is a means of processing trauma and emotions, with the trauma becoming a driving force behind the creative process. Through this practice, I hope to offer not only a glimpse into my journey but also an invitation for others to reflect on their own experiences with curiosity, vulnerability, and resilience. 
