---
layout: item
format: photo
title: Blue Moon
creator: "Duyen Nguyen"
contributor: "Duyen Nguyen"
creationdate: "2023"
group: 
type: "Embroidery on stretched fabric"
shortdesc: "In conversation with _The Voice of Q_."
teammember: "On Display Curatorial Team"
contributorquote: 
categories: [Embroidery, Fabric, Politics]
tags: [ Politics ]
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

My work synthesizes representation and abstraction in embroidered paintings and works on paper, where energy is made visible and characters—animal, human, and plant—co-exist in spontaneous environments. My work reflects my interests in beauty, folklore, and Vietnamese culture. This embroidery was made in reference to Johnson’s figure in The Voice of Q, which fosters a similar conversation regarding the acceptability of certain nude poses through a different, and experimental, medium. 

## About the Artist

DUYEN NGUYEN’s work synthesizes representation and abstraction in embroidered paintings and works on paper where energy is made visible and characters—animal, human and plant—co-exist in spontaneous environments. Nguyen’s expressionistic style, the ease with which she works various materials, and her willingness to experiment with media, foster the creation of mysterious places, and otherworldly moods. Nguyen’s artwork reflects her interests in beauty, folklore, and Vietnamese culture. DUYEN NGUYEN is an ambitious visionary artist raised on a small commune in Vung Tau Province, Vietnam. Duyen spent her childhood drawing and hand sewing at night. Nguyen’s work is featured in several private collections throughout the United States. She has created over 1000 artworks, clothing designs and collaborative paintings with her husband since she moved to the United States in 2016. Duyen has exhibited her work at the State Museum of Pennsylvania, The 6 th Louisiana Biennial National Exhibition in Rustin Louisiana, Art Flow22 and 24 in Baton Rouge and the Louisiana Contemporary Exhibition at the Ogden Museum of Southern Art in New Orleans.
