---
layout: item
format: photo
title: "The Worm"
artist: "Eliza Mai Hinrichs"
year: "2025"
Medium: "Oil on canvas"
shortdesc: "Art cannot seek validation externally."
group: 
categories: [Oil, Canvas, Environment]
tags: "Tags"
contributorquote: "Contributor Quote"
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

Born of deeply personal imagery, “The Worm” marks a transitional point in my artistic journey. After being rejected from an exhibition and criticized, I remembered art cannot seek validation externally. It's isolating when you feel paint has done magic on you internally, but the result does not translate the same feeling to another. This work is a reminder that the value of creating comes from how it can serve you through the process. The evidence this leaves behind may not always resonate with you but it does not take away from the magic made in the process.

## About the Artist

Eliza Mai Hinrichs was raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. Her mother was the first person to put a paintbrush in her hand, introducing her to the arts at a very young age. Since then, Eliza has had many creative endeavors, and ultimately, painting became the major force in her creative language. She is driven by curiosity and inspired by all the colors and textures existing within the small intricacies of the world. Beyond painting, Eliza works as a pattern designer and studio assistant. She is a NOCCA alum, currently earning her BFA in painting at University of Louisiana at Lafayette. Her work has been shown in the Contemporary Arts Center, the Acadiana Center for the Arts, University of Louisiana at Lafayette’s Fletcher Hall, The Hallway Gallery, Tulane's Newcomb Art Center as well as other galleries and publications. 
