---
layout: item
format: photo
title: Why Do Apples Fall?
author: "On Display at Tulane"
contributor: "Luke Chastant"
group: 
creator: "Luke Chastant"
externalurl: 
embedurl: 
creationdate: "2024"
type: "Airbrushed Acrylic on Canvas"
shortdesc: "This painting went wrong in every direction."
contributorquote: 
categories: [ Acrylic, Self-rejected]
tags: [  ]
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

This painting went wrong in every direction. I created a stencil that produced the reverse of my intention. I hated the text I added at first. I hated that I was too heavy in certain areas with the airbrush and ruined the softer details. I wanted to throw away this piece, but waited a few minutes and began another painting over the first attempt. It has never been submitted anywhere or even been critiqued other than by myself.

## About the Artist

Luke Chastant is a multidisciplinary artist who prefers to work with scraps and used materials. There is less pressure for his practice to become perfect, as it begins with trash. His current artistic and meditative process involves airbrush painting, which offers fluidity and demands present focus. His content plays between control and freedom, visually represented using tape and intuitive hand movements. Informed by compulsive thoughts and fear-induced research on religion, his work is an active practice of finding the right path in life. There is sometimes a clash between exploring and escaping these thoughts during creation, though it is allowed. He believes that everything has its place and purpose, so even his most crowded compositions contain harmony. For Luke, it feels selfish to create art in these times of more crisis and not so much harmony, but it feels even worse to just consume.
