---
layout: item
format: photo
title: "Black Tea Trees"
artist: "Eliza Mai Hinrichs"
year: "2025"
Medium: "Oil on canvas"
shortdesc: "the product of ongoing research on the Earth and human relationship."
group: 
categories: [Oil, Canvas, Environment]
tags: "Tags"
contributorquote: "Contributor Quote"
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

_Black Tea Trees_ is the product of ongoing research on the relationship between the Earth and humans. I am driven by a desire to understand our role in this equation. Do we have a purpose as harmonious with one another and with Earth as that of the organisms around us, or are we foreigners in this environment? This diptych began with just one work, but when I finished painting, I knew I had much more to say. I added a second painting with the idea of inverting the concept of the first. I reject this piece because I am still unsure if these paintings are better together or apart. I am continuing to challenge myself to unfold this story and discover how I can ask these questions through imagery.
## About the Artist

Eliza Mai Hinrichs was raised in New Orleans, Louisiana. Her mother was the first person to put a paintbrush in her hand, introducing her to the arts at a very young age. Since then, Eliza has had many creative endeavors, and ultimately, painting became the major force in her creative language. She is driven by curiosity and inspired by all the colors and textures existing within the small intricacies of the world. Beyond painting, Eliza works as a pattern designer and studio assistant. She is a NOCCA alum, currently earning her BFA in painting at University of Louisiana at Lafayette. Her work has been shown in the Contemporary Arts Center, the Acadiana Center for the Arts, University of Louisiana at Lafayette’s Fletcher Hall, The Hallway Gallery, Tulane's Newcomb Art Center as well as other galleries and publications. 
