---
layout: item
format: photo
title: Inverted Redo
author: "On Display at Tulane"
contributor: "Diana Antohe"
group: 
creator: "Diana Antohe"
externalurl: 
embedurl: 
creationdate: "2023"
type: "Acrylic and thread on canvas"
shortdesc: "An example of painting over an old stretched painting."
contributorquote: 
categories: [Acrylic, thread, Politics]
tags: [  ]
teammember: On Display at Tulane
---

## About the Work

This work is an example of painting over an old stretched painting. In this case, the older versions was a minimalistic composition of text, stripes, and stitching. I painted the brighter, neon textile pattern 5-7 years later, obscuring the previous painted text. I enjoy embedding history of previous rejected paintings into new compositions, responding to marks I made years before.

## About the Artist

Diana Antohe lives and works in New Orleans. Her practice involves drawing, painting and working with textiles. Antohe explores her familial legacy of migration from Romania by painting itinerant items in domestic spaces, elevating their presence as points of connection in her family history. Antohe’s works featured in this show demonstrate the potential of reworking pieces which the artist herself rejected. Antohe found herself unsatisfied with Murphy pe-covor, completing it after taking a long hiatus from the piece. Although the artist chose to exhibit Murphy in its current iteration, she does not consider this to be its final version. Inverted Redo and Veiled are both painted over earlier works. Collectively, these works and Antohe’s artistic process transform rejection into rebirth.    
